1 c) 
     I prefer Ruby over Python. Simply put, Ruby is very fun the program in,
whereas Python feels like a slightly nimbler version of C. Ruby, on the other
hand, feels like I am writing magic. Ruby is also easier for me to write,
since everything is an object and the syntax allows for code that also
reads like english. Thus, Ruby is also easier to read. For instance, look
at the base condition in my recursive GCD ruby function. The line reads:
"return i if i == j" which translate almost directly to english.

2)
a)
     An example of a lexical error detected by the scanner could be a variable
name that has an invalid format. For instance, a variable that starts with
a numerical character in C. 

b) 
     An example of a syntax error detected by the parser would be a missing ')'
in a method declaration.

c)
     An example of a static semantic error, that is detected by code generated
by the compiler is assigning a value to a variable of an incompatable type.

d)
     An example of a dynamic semantic error, detected by code generated by the
compiler would be using a variable that has been declared, but not given a
value.

3) 
a)
     In C, the data type is statically bound to the name when you declare the
name. The scope of a variable is statically determined when it is declared in C,
which is determined by the block it appears in. The value is dynamic, and can
change by using the assignment operator.

b)
     In Python, the data type is dynamically bound to the name when assignment
happens. The scope of a variable is statically determined when the variable is
declared. The value is dynamic, and can be changed with the assignment operator.

c) 
     In Ruby, the data type is dynamically bound to the name, and is updated
on assignment. The scope of data members is also dynamically bound. Since Ruby
has lambda's and Proc's, the variables in these are dynamically bound to where
they are called. The value is also dynamically bound, and changes on assignment.

4) 
     ISO stands for Internation Organization for Standardization. The latest ISO
specification for C approved is C11. The most recent C++ standard was approved
in September 2011. Java does not have an ISO standard. According to Google, Sun
dropped its ISO effort in 1999. C# does have an ISO standard. Python does not 
have an iso standard. I don't believe Ruby has a currently approved ISO 
specification, but they have submitted one for approval. 

5)
     The implications of the size limits of integers is a well known problem to
programmers. In order to allocate arrays, the size of each array element must
be known at the time of initialization. In order for code to initialize an
array of integers on two different machines, the compilers must know the size of
integer, and allocate the correct amount of memory accordingly. Java answers
these questions by making the size of an integer part of the language 
specification. Ada has a representation attribute which represents the number
of bits in an object or type. Pascal has a determined size of a bigint and a
small int. The type Integer is basically an alias for one of these types. 

6)
     a. ack(1, 0) = 2
     b. ack(1, 0) = 4
     c. ack(1, 0) = 4
     d. ack(1, 0) = 5
     e. N = ?
     f. N = 6
     g. N = 6
